I'm here with you again uh I'm going to
do another prayer video here it's just
really on my heart
just because I feel such a urgency for
you for a lot of you that don't know how
to to to to pray a effectively
in a in a in an unknown tongue
going and flowing with the spirit
learning how to flow in the rivers that
I've that I've talked to you all about
learning how to go into the deep water
in intercessory prayer there's there's a
there is a level of intercessory prayer
that goes deeper and deeper and deeper
and deeper when you start flowing with
him
it's not shallow you start losing all
your needs you know as far as what's on
your heart you start praying The
Father's Heart and when you start
praying The Father's Heart and you start
seeking his face
is it seek ye first the kingdom and all
these things will be added unto you
whatever you have need of is at his
throne it's sitting at his feet when you
when you seek his face daily
and you are listening to him
there there is there is a there is a
holy ghost flow if you just pray this is
my thing if you just pray in the spirit
for 30 minutes a day
you may say well I don't have enough
time to to pray an hour or whatever I I
encourage you if you could just pray 30
minutes a day in tongues if you could
pray 30 minutes even just praying along
with these videos and and
just flowing with the Holy Ghost you
know whatever it talks about in the word
it talks about how you have to the holy
spirit is filling you but you have to
let you have to move your tongue it's
it's moving this out by faith okay
you don't sit there and just go well I'm
waiting for the Holy Spirit to move my
tongue
okay Holy Spirit let's pray in tongues
and you sit there and you wait 30 more
minutes
you have to put your boat into motion
you have to start letting him go over
you you start praying in the spirit you
have to speak it out let him have
control of your tongues over your
thoughts well I don't know if I'm
speaking it right
do what we're doing here we're fixing to
do with me here
you can start I don't you can start
mocking it with your tongue just like
speaking with it is what I'm trying to
say and let the Holy Spirit flow through
you and it may sound like it's babbling
and everything but you're gonna hit that
gusher you're gonna hit you're gonna hit
that Holy Ghost gusher and you're gonna
start flowing in the spirit in a matter
of just just just try okay you but
you've got to let the Holy Spirit take
over you you can't just sit there and
just go well you know I'm gonna wait
until and he's gonna move my mouth
no just like faith without works is dead
you have to add your faith to it and
work just like you have to you have to
believe God for your miracle for your
healing faith without works is dead you
got to speak to your Mountain you got to
speak to your circumstances you've got
to speak and call those things that be
not as though they were
that's you've got to do it you've got to
operate your faith just like like in any
area of your life believing for finances
you sow a seed you know and you you give
into the church or wherever you're
getting fed and you sow those seeds and
you believe God for a harvest because
because that's your faith in action
that's that is your faith in action when
you're sowing a seed or your faith in
action when you're acting up maybe you
can't move your arms or maybe you can't
um or or do whatever you try to move
your eyes if you're if you're
quadriplegic or whatever you got to put
your faith into something you know not
sitting there just waiting for it
waiting for it faith without works is
dead
you got to move it you got to do
something okay so that's what I'm trying
to tell you about
today's today's thing uh we're gonna
pray with uh sister Billy and a lot of
others here at this church and um I made
this video to help people if you're dry
you know there's a lot of people that
are dry and you don't like praying by
yourself and it's hard to Pray by
yourself sometimes to jump in the river
you can put this on your your phone and
put it in your car on the way to work
and pray in the Holy Ghost all the way
to work today or you can pray when you
get home from work today or or whatever
or your your quiet time in in the shower
or whatever I don't know wherever your
prayer time is you can just pray and put
your phone on or or whatever device you
have your tablet or whatever and just
get in this River and so I just want to
encourage you this it is this is a time
that if you want to see the supernatural
in your life you've got to put your
faith to it to put and and pray in the
spirit because it it doesn't just happen
okay you've got to do something
you've got to pray and intercede
and so um we're in a really a time of of
the birthing pains and in those birthing
pains do you want to keep your family
safe you gotta you we gotta go before
the throne you gotta you gotta operate
in the gifts of the Spirit and speaking
other tongues and you want to um
shelter your family today shelter them
and and so we're I don't really know I I
believe this motivates yourself to pray
I I uh like I said I don't know what
they're really praying about but you put
your faith to whatever you're believing
for okay so that's what we're gonna do
you are going to believe for whatever
you need whether it be your job or
whatever and we're just going to pray in
the spirit and you're going to learn how
to flow and the gifts of the Spirit
today okay so let me encourage you with
that we I'm excited about this you know
I I get excited about this this is my
back-to-back videos I'm I'm ready to
jump back in the river and so um thank
you for joining me all right here we go
Roma
this is Sister Billy
foreign
[Laughter]
[Music]
official
s
[Laughter]
foreign
they're birthing something right now
there's groanings in the spirit
[Music]
[Applause]
foreign
[Music]
she's bent over she's birthing in the
spirit
is
[Applause]
[Music]
[Laughter]
foreign
[Music]
[Applause]
foreign
[Laughter]
[Music]
keep on
foreign
[Laughter]
hallelujah hallelujah
say Tuesday
[Applause]
no no no no
no
[Music]
shoes
foreign
[Applause]
[Music]
[Laughter]
now we take up Israel
we got it
is
[Applause]
foreign
[Music]
thank you
hello
[Music]
awesome
foreign
[Music]
this one
yes thank you
guys
Angelic operations assistance from
heaven for the nations of the earth
loving people thank you Lord and your
mercy you're moving people you're moving
people out
to Harm's Way
[Music]
yes relocating a time of relocating
yes
moving them out of Judges way
listen
moving out of judgment's way
yes I hear it
yes
Awakening an Awakening
the host of Heaven
yes getting out of Harm's Way moving and
doing what he's told you to do now Lord
we pray
or America yes
[Applause]
you said who will stand in the gap for
America
who will intercede for America
[Music]
in Jesus name
no
thank you
Church yes
[Music]
foreign
and ushering in
Hollywood
[Music]
Angelic assistance
do God's work
please
oh
[Music]
you raise her
right now
[Music]
foreign
Lord America stays out of it
hallelujah thank you Lord
thank you Father thank you Lord thank
you Father help America to stay out of
it help Americans to stay out of it the
spirit of Pride will not be on this
nation to try to get involved but they
will see out we separate this nation
from it hallelujah hallelujah
hallelujah
hallelujah thank you Jesus thank you
Jesus thank you Jesus you demon Spirit
that's been in operation over our White
House in the name of Jesus in the name
of Jesus
you no longer have that yes
[Music]
yes in Jesus name in Jesus name over our
nation let your let go but we bind your
grip we break your grip
python Spirits you'll not take us down
we command in the name of Jesus angels
of War to make war against them
we call Peace
and joy
[Music]
yeah
see it see it see it oh man
praying further
[Music]
into that place
hello
[Music]
thank you
yes
[Music]
animals
foreign
[Music]
thank you
foreign
[Music]
culture
videos
[Music]
foreign
there's a breakthrough
there's a breakthrough in the spirit I
feel it
there's a breakthrough
believe right now you receive it by
faith receive right now receive it
receive it
is
yield
yourself yield yourself
foreign
[Music]
[Laughter]
casa
[Music]
is
breakthrough breakthrough breakthrough
breakthrough in the name of Jesus
breakthrough
Kitty
operations
[Music]
we agree father we thank you
baby baby
[Music]
[Laughter]
foreign
so the Holy Spirit won't you show us
open our eyes open our hearts Lord
created us a Clean Heart Lord father I
thank you Lord that we're we're more
than conquerors than him
we are more than conquerors we are more
than conquerors we're healed and whole
and well by the stripes of Jesus we take
authority over sickness it is easy we
take authority over poverty
we take authority over over and
oppression and depression in the name of
Jesus we break the power of that we
break the strongholds we command
strongholds to be broken we say the joy
of the Lord is
yes you said if you would ask you to ask
you for that Nation you would give that
Nations
thank you Jesus
breakthrough for these people
breakthrough in their mentals
breakthrough in their emotions
thank you Jesus
[Music]
foreign
edible
yeah foreign
[Music]
foreign
I don't know
prayers
[Music]
thank you foreign
and we discuss that animals
[Music]
Circle
hello
[Music]
foreign
years to hear breakthrough
s
[Music]
holy
thank you
answers answer Revelation revelation
oh God I thank you for the eyes of our
understanding our enlightened
I thank you Lord we realize who healthy
how big you are and how small the devil
really is
Revelation knowledge
father we who know who we are in Christ
Christ before us who can be against us
the greater one lives on the inside of
us
we receive that by faith in Jesus name
we have that
we're calling those things that be not
as though they were in our lives
breakthrough in our lives breakthrough
in what we're believing for breakthrough
in our mental breakthrough in our
emotions
breakthrough healing and wholeness and
wellness in our bodies
delivered from sickness and disease
delivered from oppression
yeah
oh yes
[Music]
shoes
foreign
[Music]
get out
government
ready
[Music]
foreign
when you've preached as long as I have
you can start to see you can start to
see some things come in ways
so right there we see that these moves
of the spirit they come in waves
and I can sense it in my spirit there's
another wave coming get ready for it
praise God it isn't coming just because
God said it's coming
we are going to have to enter into a
deeper realm of Prayer
we've been talking about and give birth
to that which God wants to do yeah it's
another dimension if you've ever gone
down to the ocean and watched the waves
come in you know that before a wave ever
breaks on the shore it has its
beginnings
way out in the deeper waters of the
ocean
the potential energy of the wave begins
long before you ever see the final
results watching up washing up on the
shore
that's what praying in tongues
accomplishes in the spiritual realm When
you pray in tongues you give impetus to
the next move of God's spirit before
that spiritual wave is ever seen with
your natural eyes
God is calling us to answer his call to
pray in these last days
Jesus is coming soon but before he comes
there's something he wants to do
and what he wants done on this Earth he
will do through us his body
the body has no coordination when half
of its members are going one way and the
other half are going the other
so God is getting us ready he's calling
us to a common goal to yield to the
promptings of the Holy Ghost and to pray
in other tongues the next wave is about
to burst Upon Us in all of its glory and
every one of us should be determined not
to miss it we've seen the wave called
the healing Revival we've seen the wave
called the charismatic movement we've
seen the wave of faith and of the
teaching of God's word but now another
wave is coming it's the wave of the Holy
Ghost praise the Lord yes you've seen
the power of the holy ghost in a limited
fashion
but a wave is coming that will bring his
power on a higher level in a far greater
measure than we've ever seen heretofore
I can see that wave way out yonder in
the Deep Waters yeah it's coming
it's coming the waves of holy ghost
power are building and they are coming
amen I'm convinced the wave that's
coming will be twice as high
as what we've seen in the past amen
way way
come in Wayne come in come in come in
come on come on come on
a great outpour a great outboard another
way another never never I never never oh
Father I thank you a wave a wave of your
spirit a great great harvest of souls
this world is never seen before a world
a harvest of souls like we've never seen
before
a major move of God upon this this world
upon this nation and outpouring of your
spirits Glory a Great Harvest
creative Miracle working power of God
flow in us oh God
knowing us oh God creating us father a
clean heart created us God what we need
to be
You Are The Potter we are the clay
Motors and makers oh God
created us to what we need to be
okay
Holy Ghost Fire
we call it in we calling the Holy Ghost
Fire
[Music]
Holy Ghost Fire In The Name of Jesus
holy ghosts
foreign
[Music]
on the moon we gotta go out to the Deep
Waters you gotta go out to the Deep one
you gotta go out farther
[Music]
a great harvest a great moving of the
Holy Ghost out of our bellies out of our
bellies shall flow rivers of living
water out of your belly shall flow
rivers of Living Waters of fresh touch
of the Holy Ghost a fresh touch of the
Holy Ghost a fresh move of the god a
fresh move of God on your life a fresh
move of the Holy Ghost on your life
breaking all those things breaking all
those things
glory be today
healing and wholeness and deliverance in
the name of Jesus
[Music]
foreign
Lord we're desperate for more of you we
got to know have more of you we want to
be at the spout where the glory comes
out let us be where you are Lord we want
to come up higher in our thinking come
up higher in US Lord come up higher in
our mental and our emotions oh God we
yield ourselves to you for a revelation
knowledge for your Holy Ghost Revelation
knowledge of who you are in us a
revelation knowledge of the Holy he goes
Revelation father revelation of your
word revelation of the scripture in our
hearts God give us Revelation that we
hide our your words in our hearts that
we might not sin against you father I
thank you Lord for a fresh touch of the
Holy Ghost
father I thank you Lord
for Revival
we call for Revival over the land we
call for great form of repentance over
this land
repentance oh God we're calling for it
for repentance oh God
is
[Music]
repentance
so
[Music]
um
a fresh fresh fire or fresh fresh fire
will come for the fire of God we're
going for the move of the god over our
lives oh Lord we call for for Fresh Fire
In The Name of Jesus Oh all we thank you
Lord for a fresh Touch of Holy Ghost
s
Fresh Fire the Holy Ghost
fire of the Holy Ghost
[Music]
s
foreign
[Music]
multiple
fresh fresh River a fresh River a fresh
River
a brand new brand new River of a living
water
a brand new living water
fresh fire
in US in US Holy Ghost flow
Holy Ghost
we thank you Lord
for fresh outpouring
um
foreign
[Music]
[Laughter]
like we've never seen before
a whole a holy holy holy holy a holy
holy holy holy holy a holy holy holy
holy holy
the praise the rain or rain a rain a
rain of your presence of fresh rain a
fresh rain a fresh rain oh God we are
always so thirsty always so thirsty Lord
you pour out your spirit on us God
foreign
[Applause]
oh everybody
thank you
a yield
who yield to the presence
[Music]
oh Father we praise you God for today oh
Lord we worship
foreign
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Applause]
his grace is sufficient
his grace is official
s
[Music]
[Applause]
this is what brings a breakthrough this
is what brings a breakthrough
get in the river
get in the river is
[Music]
[Applause]
thank you
foreign
Deliverance
freedom
in Jesus name
glory to God
Hallelujah
[Applause]
[Music]
so cold
breakthrough
grade two
in the name of Jesus
Divine protection
always in the right place at the right
time
breakthrough
[Music]
s
foreign
[Music]
honestly
of course
yeah now let's find that part is
[Music]
everything else
in the name of Jesus
we receive it in the name of Jesus
[Music]
foreign
no no
body
says
[Music]
you know in times of corporate prayer
through the years we learned that you in
the morning it starts to live there and
there you don't have that impetus like
you heard that him you don't have that
you you wait on it because if there's
another wave that comes you you want to
be able to give it the energy uh that
that you have so you just wait and now
we're waiting on the Lord to for that to
fall
sometime
will be able to explain
lots of things
Hallelujah this is so
divine
I know miracles
there just don't happen in church where
you line everybody up and you you lay
hands on them and they're healed and
delivered
Miracles some of the greatest Miracles
that are happening in the world today
a miracles
like is being born right now
there is a miracle happening right now
through our prayers across the world
thank you Jesus don't Don't Clap let's
Don't Clap let's just lift our hands to
the Lord
worse and then there's a miracle and God
is using us and you know he's using us
if you're still praying with me he's
using us we're changing and there are
great rewards
for the release of this kind of Miracles
and only God could take us here this is
a major rescue operation
and maybe we will have utterance to talk
about it but
we're waiting to see how the Lord is
going to
move us now
it's just good to seek Jesus
it's just lift your hand to him because
he's the one that supplies us with the
river of God we worship you
you're good in your mercy endures
forever be real real strong for you are
good long notes and your mercy endures
forever
you are good in your mercy endures
Terry was just a word down here
about rockets that were fired out of
Gaza
into Israel today that malfunction
malfunction
[Laughter]
[Music]
thank you for your protection over
Jerusalem Lord
devil
hallelujah thank you Jesus praise God
[Applause]
yes
[Laughter]
foreign
[Music]
you can just stay in your place of
prayer John the seventh chapter Jesus
said
on that final and most important day of
the feast Jesus stood and he cried in a
loud voice
If any man is thirsty let him come and
dream to me
and drink while we were just praying I
just saw
we were praying about those rooms last
night
there is vast supply
for this time yes and for the situations
that are on the Earth right now
every kind of situation there's already
supplies
Jehovah Jireh just works that way
whatever the need is there is already a
supply thank you Jesus and some of those
rooms that we saw last night to be
accessed have that Supply
Jesus said to come to me and drink and
and
um is there a way that we can watch that
okay
um George was talking and giving that uh
word that brother Hagin gave years ago
about a wave
and uh those waves now you know living
in places
on the ocean where you see waves all the
time you can't you can't uh you can't
you there's no way to control any of
that there's not there's no way to
control any of it smaller bodies of
water you can manipulate you can freeze
a cup of water
you can boil it
you can color it you can sweeten it you
can do different things with it but you
cannot do that with the ocean it is vast
it is infinite and that's that wave
that's where that wave's coming in on
that Sovereign huge
and our faith draws it
there is another source of water then
uh that comes from the Earth from us up
from our bellies this one that comes out
of God this also comes out of God but
out of our hearts and Jesus said you can
come to me and drink
and when you come to him and drink
that out of your belly would flow Rears
what was interesting
is that actually if there is enough
water coming to a riverbed
through rain and your prayers may may be
they may seem to you like a drop of
water but enough of those drops of water
will cause a wall of water we had in
Australia they called it an inland
tsunami
how does that even happen
how does that happen
you know of tsunamis that are out on the
ocean and we we had that some years ago
in that part of the world
but this was an inland tsunami that came
from rain
came from drops of water
it filled River beds that filled Dead
River beds
and this one you know it was even it was
the Inland from where we live up in the
in the mountains in a place called
duumba and I watched this and I want you
to see it when I saw this it moved me
because it pictured in a small way
uh what we were seeing what I was seeing
in my spirit uh if Believers would come
to him and drink and pray in the Holy
Ghost our contribution of rivers our
convergence of rivers make
an a vast supply of water
that moves things when we pray together
changes things that we cannot change and
we let the river do the work and I
didn't know it but Rivers can be at a at
an amount that they are tsunami Supply
so if you go ahead and roll that and
just look at that
and you don't have to turn on the sound
look at that this what this stream of
water was just a little runoff ditch
and now it is moving and um
of course you know
that flood water is usually dirty water
the river that comes out of Jesus Christ
that we come to him and drink
crystal clear and it is life
front today that's coming fast
it's life
that word Pastor George that you got for
this meeting you know about persistence
in prayer
just keep praying
now it would take a group of men to move
a car
if they wanted to move it
if there gets to be enough water
things that you cannot move
just began to float
obstinate things
yeah
you can move it people are moved away
from what they need to be moved away
from and carried to what they need to be
carried to
go there goes another one
floating down the river
we can move it with the Holy Ghost
he needs to move that car real quick
that one wants to get out of the flow
I'm out here
look there's some more
that persistence Perpetual persistence
drinking from Jesus he said out of your
innermost being
would flow Rivers
praise God
not for the destruction but the out of
the belly thank you Jesus of living
water thank you Jesus now that one was a
real stubborn one
the one up the way there
and there's some
stubborn situations
but the river can do the work
hallelujah hallelujah
Pastor George I I believe that
we we come to Jesus and drink from those
reserves there's reservoirs that have
been laid up for this time
and we have tsunamis of rivers and we
also in addition have that wave that's
coming from the very heart of god wow
can we just go ahead and start praying
in the Holy Ghost
we drink
[Laughter]
well that was a a good prayer session
y'all I I just wanted to thank you all
for joining me I I know that was a that
was long about an hour and 15 minutes
but the illustration at the end about
how when we can flow as a group of
there's that you know last like I said
last video I did of doing this had I
think 10 000 hits and if everybody
prayed even if it lasted 15 minutes just
think of what we could do as as a body
joint together uh I I there's power in
unity when we pray as a as as a family
and we we can flow and and the greater
the river the greater coming out of us
the greater the the river of living
water out of all of us think of all
those Rivers combined what that does in
the spirit realm of pushing stuff for
for uh the for the Lord in in the world
when we join together we are so powerful
because it's not just one little stream
flowing it's a river and then it carries
a river out of you all those Rivers
together
creates one massive tsunami River and I
just and I just want to praise God for
an opportunity to be able to pray
together like this
it's it really blesses me a lot I hope
this blessed you if it did I and you're
still watching please comment down below
tell me if you want more videos like
this I it really would bless me I I need
to know what what direction you all like
it I know what the Holy Ghost is telling
me but if if you like this more or do
you like brother Hagin or um or what you
know because I'm trying to do different
people different Rivers different flows
of the Holy Ghost you know instead of
just taking one River what's I'm trying
to go a whole different bunch of rivers
and so um I hope this blessed you today
I thank you um please please like my
video uh subscribe and you know and and
ring that notification Bell it really a
bless us you know thank you for all the
gifts all the all the love the kindness
that you've showed my family just I want
to say this put a smile on your face and
a song in your heart we love you and
Jesus loves you and we thank you for
joining us today you all have a blessed
and wonderful day today and we'll see
you next time bye bye